BLE Power Profiling - additional optimizations (#21332)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_power_profiling/README.rst

CONFIG_BT_POWER_PROFILING_LED_DISABLED - Disable LEDs
   Disables the LEDs to reduce power consumption.

.. _CONFIG_BT_POWER_PROFILING_NFC_DISABLED:

CONFIG_BT_POWER_PROFILING_NFC_DISABLED - Disable NFC
   Disables the NFC to reduce power consumption.

> You can also consider using global configuration options to reduce power consumption:
> 
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SERIAL`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CONSOLE`, and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UART_CONSOLE` - disable the console and UART.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also consider using the following global configuration options to disable the console and UART, reducing power consumption:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SERIAL`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CONSOLE`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_UART_CONSOLE`
```

Author: Done
